hey guys it's Tommy from the goalie
crease Network and today we're looking
at the pro goalie it's a locker room
stealth system but for your home so
after a game you know usually your
equipment will be I see it'll be cold
it'll be wet and probably stink if
you're anything like mine and so what
this really helps you do is put together
your equipment in a way that saves you
time and saves you space which is of
course huge in today's world and you
know keeps everything organized so let's
take a look at it as you can see here
you know it's a pretty elaborate setup
but when you're putting it together it
only takes about 15 to 30 minutes to put
it up it really didn't take that much
time and there's only about 9 steps to
the directions literally the 9 steps
come in a single sheet very easy to
understand everything was in the box and
really have any huge problems
the only thing is one of the inside
hooks did need to be reversed with a
drill so that really didn't take too
much time it wasn't that big of a deal
to go ahead and fix you can see here
that there are many different
combinations that you can use if you go
on their website you can see here on the
right side and on the left side there's
goalie pads up there now I prefer to put
mine down at the bottom and I have a
dehumidifier down there to help with the
drying process so really it's up to you
now if I take these down you can see the
inside better there are actually three
shelves there's a top shelf where
generally you'll put your mask and you
can't really see it from that angle but
there are metal dowels up there that you
know really allow you to have that air
come on through the mask and dry it out
below you have your glove shelf again
you have these metal dowels helps with
the drying process make sure that
nothing you know any mold or fungus can
grow you know you may want to make sure
that everything is dry on this third
shelf this is really cool a little shelf
you know you could put your tape I have
a ruler up there for when I'm doing my
butt ends
I also have to sham sweatbands I can put
my edge protec out there too so you
really have plenty of space to put all
of your different accessories you know
anything else you need out there you
know you have plenty of room to do it
now down here I have my cup I have my
pants you know plenty of space there's
actually extra hooks up here that I'm
not using right now that you know in on
the picture on the website you can
actually put your chest protector over
here if you like give a little more
space a little more room I prefer to put
mine in the back just looks better
otherwise I don't really have any reason
for it yeah mike says protector up here
and again I have my pants down below
really this is great craftsmanship and
it's well worth the money I mean this is
a wonderful setup that really saves you
time it saves you space that's the best
thing about it you know before down here
I'm in my basement right now you know
you will have you know gear everywhere
it ends up stinking up the basement so
being able to put all this up and then
put a dehumidifier or an air purifier
underneath of it really takes care of
the smell it is absolutely awesome now
over here on the sides like I said if
you look on the pictures on the website
you'll see
go away pads up on the sides I like to
put my jersey up here I can put a jersey
on the other side if I want to I can put
my clothes for the next game you know
it's an absolutely wonderful setup so
really that's the pro Locker is an
absolutely great setup I definitely
recommend it saves your time saves you
space it looks cleaner you know if you
put a you know an air purifier
underneath or a dehumidifier makes the
stink less plus if you're washing your
equipment it's absolutely wonderful I
definitely recommend it definitely go
ahead and get one and hopefully I'll see
you around